The goal of the product overview screen of course is to present a list of all the products we can order
and therefore here will of course have a normal react component.
So we need to import react from react.
We'll also need to import a bunch of things from React Native for sure.
For example I will need a flat list here because I will output a list of products we don't know how
long that listed will be but it potentially is very long so we want to be able to optimize it for scrolling
and that is what the flat list does.
Out of the box and we can import more components as we need them.
So these are the two base imports.
Now with that I'll create my products overview screen over view screen components here simply in this
function form here where we receive props and then we have to return some J as X here in the end.
And in the end I will also export my products or over your screen here at the default of this file now.
With that the question of course is what's in there what's inside of our component and in there.
I of course want to render my flat list.
I want to render my flat list of products.
Now of course we have no products yet but we can add some justice before I will therefore add a model's
folder where I can define how a product should look like.
This is not a must do but it can help you organize your data and make sure that you never accidentally
work with different types of products where you simply forgot to add a certain property in one place
of your app.
So if we're here in the product J as file in the models folder all treat a product class which has a
constructor where I define how a product should look like and I want every product to have a unique
I.D. It should all to have a owner I.D. which is the idea of the user who created it.
It should have a title it should be.
It should have an image you or l it should have a description and it should have a price.
These are the things that make up a product for me and this application.
Now of course when we receive all these things as arguments in the constructor I want to store them
in properties office object which you can create with the help of his constructor.
So therefore I do this assignment which you also saw before.
Whereas store all that data we receive in properties of the created object.
So here we store the title the image you URL the I.D. And of course description and the price with that
set up here we have a blueprint for a product and we will use that in redux and we will then in the
end get such a list of products here in our products overview screen now to get it there we need to
tap into redux and for that to be possible we need to set up redux.
So let's go to the store folder now and in there I went to the actions sub folder and reduced this sub
folder in this app by the way we will have different producers and actions.
Unlike in the last module here.
So for the moment we'll start with the products.
J.S. fall here in the rear user's folder and all that a product's jazz following the actions folder.
Again if it's confusing to you that we have to same name here in different folders you can always see
in which file I am here at the top here with this breadcrumb feature.
And of course you could all the work with different names in your app if this is confusing.
I think it's pretty clear though in which file I am working it's clearly selected here as well.
So let's start in the products reducer and in there I want you to find my initial state because this
kind of defines how many products related state slice will look like.
And of course as always in programming there is more than one possible approach.
I think it makes sense to say that we have a list of away label products that's an array and of user
products and user products.
These are simply the products which we created.
So where the owner I.D. is the idea of the currently locked in user and for the moment we'll have no
log in feature but later and it will be the case for the moment you will just set this up into a dummy
way away label product should be all products or maybe also only the price which we didn't create.
So we can't buy our own products though in reality in most shops you can also buy what you sell.
So I think we can also just take all products here.
But that's something you can also find tune in your application.
So we have these two product arrays now in the reducer here which is a function where we get the state
which should be initialized with our initial state.
And should that take this as a default value and where we get an action in there we will later handle
different will action types so that we can for example add a new product and so on for the moment I'll
just always return my state here def.
I will always return my initial state of course and that will allow us to then tap into redux and at
least get that initial state.
Now of course without the possibility of adding new products our initial state isn't that useful though
because it has empty lists of products here.
So nothing we could render.
So just as I did it before.
I'll also add a Data folder and set up some dummy data in here which will not use for the entire module
but which we can use for now so that we have some products to get started with.
And for this you find attached this dummy data J is file which you can just take to replace yours or
where you can just copy in the content into your dummy data jazz file.
And what I do in there is I import my product model.
So of course therefore you should make sure that this path is correct for you if you just copied my
code and then I set up this product array here where I have a bunch of dummy products.
Now it's important we get the idea of the product then we got the owner I.D. then we got the title and
you should make sure that your product model is set up so that this order is correct.
So here we get the title then we got the image you're El as the fourth argument that you receive then
you have the description as the fifth and the price as the lost argument.
So make sure that your product model is set up in the way that these that this is the order of arguments.
This is what you have here.
In the end I export is a right as a default.
Therefore now in this product reducer we can simply import this.
So they are we can import products are a list of dummy products from the data folder and there from
the dummy data J.S. file and we can simply initialize our away label products with products here for
the moment and the user products can all be initialized with that though for the user products there
is one little difference which I want to make I want to filter them for a certain owner I.D. because
in the end not all products will be tried by us instead here I will filter that dummy array look at
every product that only include products in my user products array where the owner I.D. is equal to
you one which if you have a look at the dummy data is simply the case for some products not for all
of them.
Some of them have to you one owner I.D. and this will be the products I use here as user products as
a dummy setup with that our reducer for the products is set up here we can ignore the products actions
for the moment will of course add some later and now we can go to the app chips fall and set up redux
there as well.
For that we need to import something from redux.
And of course we also need to import something from react redux.
Now it is something we need to import from redux here.
That is of course that creates the world function and the combined reduce service functions so that
we can create one root reducer at the moment of course we have only one reducer.
But as I mentioned in December we will actually have multiple road users in the end.
So here you definitely need to combine your road users and from react redux.
We need the provider component which we wrap around our app to well provide something we will then of
course also need to import the products reducer or however you want to name it from the store folder.
They are from road users and they are from the products file so that we can thereafter create our route
reducer by calling combined with users where we then pass on an object where we map let's say two products
but that is up to you our products reducer and later we will add more reviews her stare and then we
can create our store with creates the where and this in the end takes our route reduced her as our argument
and thereafter down there in the J as X code I will create my provider a component in between the opening
and closing tax I will then all later have my my screen for the moment will not have anything there.
This is not valid J is X by the way but we'll fix it later and for the provider a component of course
we have to set the store prop and set this to the store constant order to store in general we're trading
here with that redux should be set up with that will later be able to tap into it here from the product
overview screen and with that of course the next step all this to add navigation so we can see that
product overview screen so let's continue working on these steps.
Next.